Add hosted API docs (#19)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl: docs/src/index.md

# ChainRulesTestUtils

[![Travis](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl)
[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)

> [ChainRulesTestUtils.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl) helps you test [`ChainRulesCore.frule`](http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/dev/api.html) and [`ChainRulesCore.rrule`](http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/dev/api.html) methods, when adding rules for your functions in your own packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ChainRulesTestUtils.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRulesTestUtils.jl) helps you test [`ChainRulesCore.frule`]http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/stable/api.html#ChainRulesCore.frule-Tuple{Any,Vararg{Any,N}%20where%20N}) and [`ChainRulesCore.rrule`]http://www.juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/stable/api.html#ChainRulesCore.rrule-Tuple{Any,Vararg{Any,N}%20where%20N}) methods, when adding rules for your functions in your own packages.
```

Author: I purposefully didn't link the exact path, as it's too liable to change, whereas frule and rrule are likely to always be easy to find on that page
